Update the documentation for behavior of reading early dates in LEGACY mode (#2283)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/compatibility.md

`spark.sql.legacy.parquet.datetimeRebaseModeInWrite` is set to `CORRECTED`
[timestamps](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/132) before the transition between the
Julian and Gregorian calendars are wrong, but dates are fine. When

> `spark.sql.legacy.parquet.datetimeRebaseModeInWrite` is set to `LEGACY`, the read may fail before
> transition between the Julian and Gregorian calendars. Eg, Date <= 1582-10-04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spark.sql.legacy.parquet.datetimeRebaseModeInWrite` is set to `LEGACY`, the read may fail for
values occurring before the transition between the Julian and Gregorian calendars, i.e.: date <= 1582-10-04.
```
